8159	Trends in cognitive sciences	Miao-Kun Sun	2012
7156	The poetics of space	Gaston Bachelard;M. Jolas;Mark Z. Danielewski;Richard Kearney	2014
4678	The Embodied Mind: Cognitive Science and Human Experience	Francisco J. Varela;Evan Thompson;Eleanor Rosch	1992
4057	Public and Private Self-Consciousness: Assessment and Theory	Allan Fenigstein,University of Texas at Austin|||University of Texas at Austin|||U Texas, Austin|||U Texas, Austin;Michael F. Scheier,University of Texas at Austin|||University of Texas at Austin;Arnold H. Buss,University of Texas at Austin|||University of Texas at Austin	1975
3993	Mindfulness Training as a Clinical Intervention: A Conceptual and Empirical Review	Ruth A. Baer,University of Kentucky	2006
3976	Mindfulness Training as a Clinical Intervention: A Conceptual and Empirical Review	Ruth A. Baer,University of Kentucky	2003
3276	Using Self-Report Assessment Methods to Explore Facets of Mindfulness	Ruth A. Baer,University of Kentucky|||University of Kentucky;Gregory T. Smith,University of Kentucky|||University of Kentucky;Jaclyn Hopkins,University of Kentucky|||University of Kentucky;Jennifer Krietemeyer,University of Kentucky|||University of Kentucky;Leslie Toney,University of Kentucky|||University of Kentucky	2006
3201	Mindfulness-based stress reduction and health benefits. A meta-analysis.	Paul Grossman,Freiburg Institute for Mindfulness Research, Konradstr. 32, 79100, Freiburg, Germany;Ludger Niemann,Department of Psychology, University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany;Stefan Schmidt,Institute of Environmental Medicine, University Hospital Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany;Harald Walach,Institute of Environmental Medicine, University Hospital Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany|||Samueli Institute, European Office, Freiburg, Germany	2004
3140	The body in pain : the making and unmaking of the world	Elaine Scarry	1985
3088	The relaxation response.	Herbert Benson,Harvard Medical Unit, Thorndike Memorial LaboratoryBoston City Hospital818 Habrison Ave.Boston, Mass.02118;John F. Beary,Harvard Medical Unit, Thorndike Memorial LaboratoryBoston City Hospital818 Habrison Ave.Boston, Mass.02118;Mark P. Carol,Harvard Medical Unit, Thorndike Memorial LaboratoryBoston City Hospital818 Habrison Ave.Boston, Mass.02118	1974
3073	Alterations in Brain and Immune Function Produced by Mindfulness Meditation	Richard J. Davidson;Jon Kabat-Zinn;Jessica R. Schumacher;Melissa A. Rosenkranz;D. Muller;S. Santorelli;Ferris Urbanowski;Anne Harrington;Katherine Bonus;John F. Sheridan	2003
2780	Mindfulness-Based Interventions in Context: Past, Present, and Future	Jon Kabat-Zinn,University of Massachusetts Medical School For Francisco Varela, 1945–2001;For Francisco Varela	2006
2745	Mindfulness-based stress reduction and health benefits. A meta-analysis.	Paul Grossman,Freiburg Institute for Mindfulness Research, Konradstr. 32, 79100, Freiburg, Germany;Ludger Niemann,Department of Psychology, University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany;Stefan Schmidt,Institute of Environmental Medicine, University Hospital Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany;Harald Walach,Samueli Institute, European Office, Freiburg, Germany	2004
2665	Routes : travel and translation in the late twentieth century	Deborah Gewertz;Frederick Errington;James Clifford	1998
2568	Complementary and Alternative Medicine Use Among Adults and Children: United States, 2007	Patricia M. Barnes;Barbara Bloom;Richard L. Nahin	2008
2204	The Five Factor Model and impulsivity: using a structural model of personality to understand impulsivity	Stephen P. Whiteside,Department of Psychology, University of Kentucky, Lexington, KY 40506-0044, USA;Donald R. Lynam,Department of Psychology, University of Kentucky, Lexington, KY 40506-0044, USA	2001
2168	An Outpatient Program in Behavioral Medicine for Chronic Pain Patients Based on the Practice of Mindfulness Meditation: Theoretical Considerations and Preliminary Results	Jon Kabat-Zinn,Director, Stress Reduction and Relaxation Program Ambulatory Services University of Massachusetts Hospital Worcester, Massachusetts USA|||Instructor in Medicine Department of Medicine University of Massachusetts Medical School Worcester, Massachusetts USA	1982
2049	The Effect of Mindfulness-Based Therapy on Anxiety and Depression: A Meta-Analytic Review	Stefan G. Hofmann,Department of Psychology, Boston University|||Department of Psychology, Boston University;Alice T. Sawyer,Department of Psychology, Boston University|||Department of Psychology, Boston University;Ashley A. Witt,Department of Psychology, Boston University|||Department of Psychology, Boston University;Diana Oh,Department of Psychology, Boston University|||Department of Psychology, Boston University	2010
1964	Mechanisms of mindfulness	Shauna L. Shapiro,Santa Clara University|||Santa Clara University, Department of Counseling Psychology, 500 El Camino Real, Santa Clara CA 95053‐0201;Linda E. Carlson,University of Calgary;John A. Astin,California Pacific Medical Center;Benedict Freedman,Occidental College	2006
1925	Wherever you go, there you are : mindfulness meditation in everyday life	Jon Kabat-Zinn	1994
1622	Effectiveness of a meditation-based stress reduction program in the treatment of anxiety disorders.	Jon Kabat-Zinn;Ann O. Massion;Jean L. Kristeller;Linda G. Peterson;Kenneth E. Fletcher;Lori Pbert;William R. Lenderking;S. Santorelli	1992
1575	Meditation experience is associated with increased cortical thickness	Sara W. Lazar,Psychiatric Neuroimaging Research Program|Massachusetts General Hospital|Osher Institute|Harvard Medical School|||Psychiatric Neuroimaging Research Program|Massachusetts General Hospital|Osher Institute|Harvard Medical School;E. Kerr;Rachel H. Wasserman,Psychiatric Neuroimaging Research Program|Massachusetts General Hospital|Osher Institute|Harvard Medical School|||Psychiatric Neuroimaging Research Program|Massachusetts General Hospital|Osher Institute|Harvard Medical School;Jeremy R. Gray,Department of Psychology|Yale University|Center for Biomedical Imaging|Massachusetts General Hospital|Graduate School of Education|Harvard University|Body Medical Institute|||Department of Psychology|Yale University|Center for Biomedical Imaging|Massachusetts General Hospital|Graduate School of Education|Harvard University|Body Medical Institute;Nina Greve;Michael T. Treadway,Psychiatric Neuroimaging Research Program|Massachusetts General Hospital|Osher Institute|Harvard Medical School|||Psychiatric Neuroimaging Research Program|Massachusetts General Hospital|Osher Institute|Harvard Medical School;T. Quinn;A. Dusek;Scott L. Rauch,Psychiatric Neuroimaging Research Program|Massachusetts General Hospital|Osher Institute|Harvard Medical School|||Psychiatric Neuroimaging Research Program|Massachusetts General Hospital|Osher Institute|Harvard Medical School;Bruce Fischl	2005
1546	Open Hearts Build Lives: Positive Emotions, Induced Through Loving-Kindness Meditation, Build Consequential Personal Resources	Barbara L. Fredrickson,Psychology and Neuroscience;Michael Cohn,University of Michigan;Kimberly A. Coffey,University of North Carolina;Jolynn Pek,University of North Carolina;Sandra Finkel,University of Michigan	2008
1525	The anatomy of language: contributions from functional neuroimaging.	Cathy J. Price,Wellcome Department of Cognitive Neurology, Institute of Neurology, London, UK	2000
1456	Handbook of research methods in social and personality psychology	Harry T. Reis;Charles M. Judd	2013
1379	Attention regulation and monitoring in meditation.	Antoine Lutz,Waisman Laboratory for Brain Imaging and Behavior, Department of Psychology, University of Wisconsin, Madison, WI 53705, USA;Heleen A. Slagter,Waisman Laboratory for Brain Imaging and Behavior, Department of Psychology, University of Wisconsin, Madison, WI 53705, USA;John D. Dunne,Department of Religion, Emory University, Atlanta, GA 30322, USA;Richard J. Davidson,Waisman Laboratory for Brain Imaging and Behavior, Department of Psychology, University of Wisconsin, Madison, WI 53705, USA	2008
1373	Meditation states and traits: EEG, ERP, and neuroimaging studies.	B. Rael Cahn,Department of Neurosciences and Medical School, University of California, San Diego,Laboratory for Psychopharmacology and Brain Imaging, University of Zurich Hospital of Psychiatry, Zurich, Switzerland|||Department of Neurosciences and Medical School, University of California, San Diego,Laboratory for Psychopharmacology and Brain Imaging, University of Zurich Hospital of Psychiatry, Zurich, Switzerland;John Polich,Department of Neuropharmacology, The Scripps Research Institute, La Jolla, California|||Department of Neuropharmacology, The Scripps Research Institute, La Jolla, California	2006
1363	Attention regulation and monitoring in meditation	Antoine Lutz,Waisman Laboratory for Brain Imaging and Behavior, Department of Psychology, University of Wisconsin, Madison, WI 53705, USA;Heleen A. Slagter,Waisman Laboratory for Brain Imaging and Behavior, Department of Psychology, University of Wisconsin, Madison, WI 53705, USA;John D. Dunne,Department of Religion, Emory University, Atlanta, GA 30322, USA;Richard J. Davidson,Waisman Laboratory for Brain Imaging and Behavior, Department of Psychology, University of Wisconsin, Madison, WI 53705, USA	2008
1360	Mindfulness-based cognitive therapy for depression: replication and exploration of differential relapse prevention effects.	S. Helen Ma,Medical Research Council, Cognition and Brain Sciences Unit, Cambridge, United Kingdom|||Medical Research Council, Cognition and Brain Sciences Unit, Cambridge, United Kingdom;John D. Teasdale,Medical Research Council, Cognition and Brain Sciences Unit, Cambridge, United Kingdom|||Medical Research Council, Cognition and Brain Sciences Unit, Cambridge, United Kingdom	2004
1339	Archive fever : a Freudian impression	Jacques Derrida;Eric Prenowitz	1995
1285	The clinical use of mindfulness meditation for the self-regulation of chronic pain	Jon Kabat-Zinn,Stress Reduction and Relaxation Program, Division of Preventive and Behavioral Medicine, Department of Medicine, University of Massachusetts Medical Center, Worcester, ;Leslie Lipworth,Department of Family and Community Medicine, University of Massachusetts Medical Center, Worcester, ;R. Burney,Pain Control Center, Department of Anesthesiology, University of Massachusetts Medical Center, Worcester, 	1985
1246	Long-term meditators self-induce high-amplitude gamma synchrony during mental practice.	Antoine Lutz;Lawrence L. Greischar;Nancy B. Rawlings;Matthieu Ricard;Richard J. Davidson	2004
1244	Mindfulness practice leads to increases in regional brain gray matter density	Britta K. Hölzel,Massachusetts General Hospital, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA|||Bender Institute of Neuroimaging, Justus Liebig Universität Giessen, Germany;James Carmody,University of Massachusetts Medical School, Worcester, MA, USA;Mark G. Vangel,Massachusetts General Hospital, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA;Christina Congleton,Massachusetts General Hospital, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA;Sita Yerramsetti,Massachusetts General Hospital, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA;Tim Gard,Massachusetts General Hospital, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA|||Bender Institute of Neuroimaging, Justus Liebig Universität Giessen, Germany;Sara W. Lazar,Massachusetts General Hospital, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA	2011
1230	Effects of Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction on Medical and Premedical Students	Shauna L. Shapiro,University of Arizona;Gary E. Schwartz,Psychology;Ginny Bonner,University of Arizona	1998
1222	Construct Validity of the Five Facet Mindfulness Questionnaire in Meditating and Nonmeditating Samples	Richard A. Baer,University of Kentucky;Gregory T. Smith,University of Kentucky;Emily L. B. Lykins,University of Kentucky;Daniel F. Button,University of Kentucky;Jennifer Krietemeyer,University of Kentucky;Shannon E. Sauer,University of Kentucky;Erin Walsh,University of Kentucky;Danielle S. Duggan,University of Oxford;J.M.G Williams,University of Oxford	2008
1220	Relationships between mindfulness practice and levels of mindfulness, medical and psychological symptoms and well-being in a mindfulness-based stress reduction program	James Carmody,Division of Preventive and Behavioral Medicine, University of Massachusetts Medical School, Worcester, USA;Ruth A. Baer,Department of Psychology, University of Kentucky, Lexington, USA	2008
1209	A randomized, wait-list controlled clinical trial: the effect of a mindfulness meditation-based stress reduction program on mood and symptoms of stress in cancer outpatients.	Michael Speca;Linda E. Carlson;Eileen Goodey;Maureen Angen	2000
1182	A randomized, wait-list controlled clinical trial: the effect of a mindfulness meditation-based stress reduction program on mood and symptoms of stress in cancer outpatients.	Speca M,Department of Psychosocial Resources, Tom Baker Cancer Centre, Alberta Cancer Board, Canada. michael.speca@cancerboard.ab.ca;Carlson L E;Goodey E;Angen M	2000
1179	Mindfulness training modifies subsystems of attention.	Amishi P. Jha,Center for Cognitive Neuroscience, Department of Psychology, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, ;Jason W. Krompinger,Center for Cognitive Neuroscience, Department of Psychology, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, ;Michael J. Baime,Center for Cognitive Neuroscience, Department of Psychology, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, 	2007
1142	How does cognitive therapy prevent depressive relapse and why should attentional control (mindfulness) training help	John D. Teasdale,MRC Applied Psychology Unit, 15 Chaucer Road, Cambridge CB2 2EF, England;Zindel V. Segal,Clark Institute of Psychiatry, Department of Psychiatry, University of Toronto, Canada|||Clark Institute of Psychiatry|Departments of Psychiatry and Psychology|University of Toronto;J. M. G. Williams,Department of Psychology, University College of North Wales UK|||Department of Psychology|University College of North Wales	1995
1139	Creative cities: Conceptual issues and policy questions	Allen J. Scott,University of California, Los Angeles	2006
1111	Electromagnetic Optimization by Genetic Algorithms	Yahya Rahmat-Samii;Eric Michielssen	1999
1109	Short-term meditation training improves attention and self-regulation	Yi-Yuan Tang;Yinghua Ma;Junhong Wang;Yaxin Fan;Shigang Feng;Qilin Lu;Qingbao Yu;Danni Sui;Mary K. Rothbart;Ming Fan;Michael I. Posner	2007
1078	Culture and Subjective Well-Being	William Tov,School of Social Sciences, Singapore Management University;Ed Diener,University of Illinois	2013
1049	Physical activity and mental health: current concepts.	Scott A. Paluska,Rex Sports Medicine Institute, Cary, USA;Thomas L. Schwenk,Department of Family Medicine, University of Michigan Medical Center, Ann Arbor, USA	2000
1042	How Does Mindfulness Meditation Work? Proposing Mechanisms of Action From a Conceptual and Neural Perspective	Britta K. Hölzel;Sara W. Lazar;Tim Gard;Zev Schuman-Olivier;David R. Vago;Ulrich Ott	2011
1023	Influence of a Mindfulness Meditation-Based Stress Reduction Intervention on Rates of Skin Clearing in Patients With Moderate to Severe Psoriasis Undergoing Phototherapy (UVB) and Photochemotherapy (PUVA)	Jon Kabat-Zinn;Elizabeth V. Wheeler;Timothy Light;Anne Skillings;Mark J. Scharf;Thomas G. Cropley;David W. Hosmer;Jeffrey D. Bernhard	1998
973	Three-year follow-up and clinical implications of a mindfulness meditation-based stress reduction intervention in the treatment of anxiety disorders	John J. Miller,Department of Psychiatry, University of Massachusetts Medical Center, Worcester, Massachusetts, USA;Ken Fletcher,Department of Psychiatry, University of Massachusetts Medical Center, Worcester, Massachusetts, USA;Jon Kabat-Zinn,the Stress Reduction Clinic, Department of Medicine, Division of Preventive and Behavioral Medicine, University of Massachusetts Medical Center, Worcester, Massachusetts, USA	1995
967	Human cingulate cortex and autonomic control: converging neuroimaging and clinical evidence	Hugo D. Critchley;Christopher J. Mathias;Oliver Josephs;John P. O'Doherty;Sergio Zanini;Bonnie-Kate Dewar;Lisa Cipolotti;Tim Shallice;Raymond J. Dolan,Department of Imaging Neuroscience|Institute of Neurology|Autonomic Unit|Department of Neuropsychology|National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery and Institute of Neurology|Institute of Cognitive Neuroscience|University College London|||Department of Imaging Neuroscience|Institute of Neurology|Autonomic Unit|Department of Neuropsychology|National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery and Institute of Neurology|Institute of Cognitive Neuroscience|University College London	2003
950	Oxytocin may mediate the benefits of positive social interaction and emotions	Kerstin Uvnäs-Moberg,Department of Physiology and Pharmacology, Division of Pharmacology, Karolinska Institute, S-171 77 Stockholm, Department of Animal Physiology, Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences, S-750 07 Uppsala, Sweden	1998
943	A randomized controlled trial of mindfulness meditation versus relaxation training: Effects on distress, positive states of mind, rumination, and distraction	Shamini Jain,Clinical Psychology, SDSU/UCSD Joint Doctoral Program, San Diego, ;Shauna L. Shapiro,Department of Psychology, Santa Clara University, USA;Summer Swanick,Department of Psychology, University of Arizona, USA;Scott C. Roesch,Department of Psychology, San Diego State University, USA;Paul J. Mills,Department of Psychiatry, University of California, San Diego, USA;Iris R. Bell,Department of Psychology, University of Arizona, USA;Gary E. Schwartz,Department of Psychology, University of Arizona, USA	2007
913	Functional and Anatomical Cortical Underconnectivity in Autism: Evidence from an fMRI Study of an Executive Function Task and Corpus Callosum Morphometry	Marcel Adam Just,Center for Cognitive Brain Imaging, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA;Vladimir L. Cherkassky,Center for Cognitive Brain Imaging, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA;Timothy A. Keller,Center for Cognitive Brain Imaging, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA;Rajesh K. Kana,Center for Cognitive Brain Imaging, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA;Nancy J. Minshew,Center for Cognitive Brain Imaging, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA|||Departments of Psychiatry and Neurology, University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA	2007
906	Association of an Educational Program in Mindful Communication With Burnout, Empathy, and Attitudes Among Primary Care Physicians	Michael S. Krasner;Ronald M. Epstein;Howard Beckman;Anthony L. Suchman;Christopher J. Mooney;Timothy E. Quill	2009
902	A Pattern Language	Stephanie Feng Lie	2012
875	Attending to the present: mindfulness meditation reveals distinct neural modes of self-reference	Norman A. S. Farb,Department of Psychology, University of Toronto, ON M5S 3G3, Canada, 2 Department of Psychiatry, University of Toronto and Centre for Addiction and Mental Health, Toronto, ON M5T 1R8, Canada, 3 Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences, Emory University School of Medicine, Atlanta, GA 30322, 4 Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction (MBSR) Clinic, St. Joseph's Health Centre, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M6R 1B5, and 5 Rotman Research Institute, Baycrest, Toronto, Ontario, M6A 2E1;Zindel V. Segal,Department of Psychology, University of Toronto, ON M5S 3G3, Canada, 2 Department of Psychiatry, University of Toronto and Centre for Addiction and Mental Health, Toronto, ON M5T 1R8, Canada, 3 Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences, Emory University School of Medicine, Atlanta, GA 30322, 4 Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction (MBSR) Clinic, St. Joseph's Health Centre, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M6R 1B5, and 5 Rotman Research Institute, Baycrest, Toronto, Ontario, M6A 2E1;Helen S. Mayberg,Department of Psychology, University of Toronto, ON M5S 3G3, Canada, 2 Department of Psychiatry, University of Toronto and Centre for Addiction and Mental Health, Toronto, ON M5T 1R8, Canada, 3 Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences, Emory University School of Medicine, Atlanta, GA 30322, 4 Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction (MBSR) Clinic, St. Joseph's Health Centre, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M6R 1B5, and 5 Rotman Research Institute, Baycrest, Toronto, Ontario, M6A 2E1;Jim Bean,Department of Psychology, University of Toronto, ON M5S 3G3, Canada, 2 Department of Psychiatry, University of Toronto and Centre for Addiction and Mental Health, Toronto, ON M5T 1R8, Canada, 3 Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences, Emory University School of Medicine, Atlanta, GA 30322, 4 Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction (MBSR) Clinic, St. Joseph's Health Centre, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M6R 1B5, and 5 Rotman Research Institute, Baycrest, Toronto, Ontario, M6A 2E1;Deborah McKeon,Department of Psychology, University of Toronto, ON M5S 3G3, Canada, 2 Department of Psychiatry, University of Toronto and Centre for Addiction and Mental Health, Toronto, ON M5T 1R8, Canada, 3 Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences, Emory University School of Medicine, Atlanta, GA 30322, 4 Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction (MBSR) Clinic, St. Joseph's Health Centre, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M6R 1B5, and 5 Rotman Research Institute, Baycrest, Toronto, Ontario, M6A 2E1;Zainab Fatima,Department of Psychology, University of Toronto, ON M5S 3G3, Canada, 2 Department of Psychiatry, University of Toronto and Centre for Addiction and Mental Health, Toronto, ON M5T 1R8, Canada, 3 Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences, Emory University School of Medicine, Atlanta, GA 30322, 4 Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction (MBSR) Clinic, St. Joseph's Health Centre, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M6R 1B5, and 5 Rotman Research Institute, Baycrest, Toronto, Ontario, M6A 2E1;Adam K. Anderson,Department of Psychology, University of Toronto, ON M5S 3G3, Canada, 2 Department of Psychiatry, University of Toronto and Centre for Addiction and Mental Health, Toronto, ON M5T 1R8, Canada, 3 Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences, Emory University School of Medicine, Atlanta, GA 30322, 4 Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction (MBSR) Clinic, St. Joseph's Health Centre, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M6R 1B5, and 5 Rotman Research Institute, Baycrest, Toronto, Ontario, M6A 2E1	2007
859	Mindfulness-based stress reduction for stress management in healthy people: a review and meta-analysis	Alberto Chiesa;Alessandro Serretti	2009
858	Vygotsky and Pedagogy	H Daniels	2001
848	Mindfulness and acceptance : expanding the cognitive-behavioral tradition	Steven C. Hayes;Victoria M. Follette;Marsha M. Linehan	2004
836	Meditation can reduce habitual responding.	Wenk-Sormaz H	2005
826	Teaching Self-Care to Caregivers: Effects of Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction on the Mental Health of Therapists in Training	Shauna L. Shapiro,Santa Clara University|||Santa Clara University;Kirk Warren Brown,Virginia Commonwealth University|||Virginia Commonwealth University;Gina M. Biegel,Kaiser Permanente|||Kaiser Permanente	2007
820	The toronto mindfulness scale: Development and validation	Mark A. Lau,Centre for Addiction and Mental Health and the University of Toronto|||Centre for Addiction and Mental Health, 250 College Street, Toronto, Ontario, M5T 1R8, Canada;Scott R. Bishop,University of Toronto;Zindel V. Segal,Centre for Addiction and Mental Health and the University of Toronto;Tom Buis,Centre for Addiction and Mental Health, Toronto;Nicole D. Anderson,Baycrest Centre for Geriatric Care and the University of Toronto;Linda E. Carlson,Tom Baker Cancer Centre and the University of Calgary;Shauna L. Shapiro,Santa Clara University;James Carmody,University of Massachusetts Medical School;Susan E. Abbey,University Health Network and the University of Toronto;Gerald M. Devins,University Health Network and the University of Toronto	2006
807	Neural correlates of attentional expertise in long-term meditation practitioners	Julie A. Brefczynski-Lewis;Antoine Lutz;H. S. Schaefer;D. B. Levinson;Richard J. Davidson	2007
795	Mindfulness-based stress reduction in relation to quality of life, mood, symptoms of stress, and immune parameters in breast and prostate cancer outpatients.	Linda E. Carlson;Michael Speca;Kamala D. Patel;Eileen Goodey	2003
793	Functional brain mapping of the relaxation response and meditation.	Sara W. Lazar;Ca George Bush;Randy L. Gollub;Gregory L. Fricchione;Gurucharan Khalsa;Herbert Benson	2000
779	Regulation of the Neural Circuitry of Emotion by Compassion Meditation: Effects of Meditative Expertise	Antoine Lutz,University of Wisconsin, Madison, Wisconsin, United States of America;Julie Brefczynski-Lewis,West Virginia University, Morgantown, West Virginia, United States of America;Tom Johnstone,University of Reading, Reading, United Kingdom;Richard J. Davidson,University of Wisconsin, Madison, Wisconsin, United States of America	2008
741	Fear and courage	Stanley Rachman,University of Bristish Columbia, Canada	1984
718	The book of memory : a study of memory in medieval culture	Mary Carruthers	2008
707	An ethics of sexual difference	Luce Irigaray;Carolyn Burke;Gillian C. Gill	1993
705	Cartesian meditations : an introduction to phenomenology	Edmund Husserl;Dorion Cairns	1960
703	A Meditation on Mediation: Evidence That Structural Equations Models Perform Better Than Regressions	Dawn Iacobucci;Neela Saldanha;Xiaoyang Deng	2007
683	Mental Training Affects Distribution of Limited Brain Resources	Heleen A. Slagter,Waisman Laboratory for Brain Imaging and Behavior and Department of Psychology, University of Wisconsin, Madison, Wisconsin, United States of America;Antoine Lutz,Waisman Laboratory for Brain Imaging and Behavior and Department of Psychology, University of Wisconsin, Madison, Wisconsin, United States of America;Lawrence L. Greischar,Waisman Laboratory for Brain Imaging and Behavior and Department of Psychology, University of Wisconsin, Madison, Wisconsin, United States of America;Andrew Francis,Waisman Laboratory for Brain Imaging and Behavior and Department of Psychology, University of Wisconsin, Madison, Wisconsin, United States of America;Sander Nieuwenhuis,Department of Psychology, Leiden University, Leiden, The Netherlands;James M. Davis,Waisman Laboratory for Brain Imaging and Behavior and Department of Psychology, University of Wisconsin, Madison, Wisconsin, United States of America;Richard J. Davidson,Waisman Laboratory for Brain Imaging and Behavior and Department of Psychology, University of Wisconsin, Madison, Wisconsin, United States of America	2007
681	Mindfulness-based stress reduction in relation to quality of life, mood, symptoms of stress and levels of cortisol, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS) and melatonin in breast and prostate cancer outpatients	Linda E. Carlson,Department of Psychosocial Resources, Tom Baker Cancer Centre, Alberta Cancer Board, 1331 29 Street NW, Calgary, Alta, Canada T2N 4N2|||Department of Oncology, Faculty of Medicine, University of Calgary, Calgary, Alta, Canada;Michael Speca,Department of Psychosocial Resources, Tom Baker Cancer Centre, Alberta Cancer Board, 1331 29 Street NW, Calgary, Alta, Canada T2N 4N2|||Department of Oncology, Faculty of Medicine, University of Calgary, Calgary, Alta, Canada;Kamala D. Patel,Department of Physiology and Biophysics, Faculty of Medicine, University of Calgary, Calgary, Alta, Canada;Eileen Goodey,Department of Psychosocial Resources, Tom Baker Cancer Centre, Alberta Cancer Board, 1331 29 Street NW, Calgary, Alta, Canada T2N 4N2	2004
676	Teaching self-care to caregivers: Effects of mindfulness-based stress reduction on the mental health of therapists in training.	Shauna L. Shapiro;Kirk Warren Brown;Gina M. Biegel	2007
669	Physiological Effects of Transcendental Meditation	Robert Keith Wallace,#N#1Department of Physiology, School of Medicine, Center for the Health Sciences, Los Angeles, California 90024	1970
666	Mindfulness-based stress reduction in relation to quality of life, mood, symptoms of stress and levels of cortisol, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS) and melatonin in breast and prostate cancer outpatients	Linda E Carlson;Michael Speca,Department of Oncology, Faculty of Medicine, University of Calgary, Calgary, Alta, Canada;Kamala D Patel,Department of Physiology and Biophysics, Faculty of Medicine, University of Calgary, Calgary, Alta, Canada;Eileen Goodey,Department of Psychosocial Resources, Tom Baker Cancer Centre, Alberta Cancer Board, 1331 29 Street NW, Calgary, Alta, Canada T2N 4N2	2004
662	Neural correlates of attentional expertise in long-term meditation practitioners.	Brefczynski-Lewis J A,W.M. Keck Laboratory for Functional Brain Imaging and Behavior, Medical College of Wisconsin, University of Wisconsin, Madison, WI 53226, USA.;Lutz A;Schaefer H S;Levinson D B;Davidson R J	2007
659	Effects of Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction (MBSR) on Emotion Regulation in Social Anxiety Disorder	Philippe R. Goldin,Department of Psychology, Stanford University|||Department of Psychology, Stanford University;James J. Gross,Department of Psychology, Stanford University|||Department of Psychology, Stanford University	2010
653	Measuring mindfulness—the Freiburg Mindfulness Inventory (FMI)	Harald Walach,University of Northampton, School of Social Sciences, Division of Psychology and Samueli Institute—European Office, Boughton Green Road, Northampton NN2 7AL, UK|||Universitätsklinik Freiburg, Institut für Umweltmedizin und Krankenhaushygiene, Germany;Nina Buchheld,Klinik für Tumorbiologie, Breisacherstr. 63, 79108 Freiburg, Germany;Valentin Buttenmüller,Institut für Psychologie der Universität Freiburg, Germany;Norman Kleinknecht,Institut für Psychologie der Universität Freiburg, Germany;Stefan Schmidt,University of Northampton, School of Social Sciences, Division of Psychology and Samueli Institute—European Office, Boughton Green Road, Northampton NN2 7AL, UK	2006
638	Trade-offs across Space  Time  and Ecosystem Services	Jon Paul Rodríguez;T. Douglas Beard;Elena M. Bennett;Graeme S. Cumming;Steven J. Cork;John Agard;Andrew P. Dobson;Garry D. Peterson	null
638	Relational Responsibility: Resources For Sustainable Dialogue	Sheila McNamee;Kenneth J. Gergen	1999
632	Expanding Our Conceptualization of and Treatment for Generalized Anxiety Disorder: Integrating Mindfulness/Acceptance‐Based Approaches With Existing Cognitive‐Behavioral Models	Lizabeth Roemer,University of Massachusetts at Boston;Susan M. Orsillo,Boston VA Healthcare System and Boston University School of Medicine	2006
630	Mindfulness meditation improves cognition: Evidence of brief mental training☆	Fadel Zeidan,Department of Neurobiology and Anatomy, Wake Forest University School of Medicine, USA;Susan K. Johnson,Department of Psychology, University of North Carolina, Charlotte, USA;Bruce J. Diamond,Department of Psychology, William Patterson University, USA;Zhanna David,Department of Psychology, University of North Carolina, Charlotte, USA;Paula Goolkasian,Department of Psychology, University of North Carolina, Charlotte, USA	2010
628	The impact of intensive mindfulness training on attentional control, cognitive style, and affect	Richard Chambers,University of Melbourne, Parkville, Australia;Barbara C. Y. Lo,University of Melbourne, Parkville, Australia;Nicholas B. Allen,University of Melbourne, Parkville, Australia	2008
621	Everyware: The Dawning Age of Ubiquitous Computing	Adam Greenfield	2006
618	Mindfulness-based therapy: a comprehensive meta-analysis.	Khoury Bassam,Department of Psychology, Université de Montréal, Montréal, QC, Canada. b.el-khoury@umontreal.ca;Lecomte Tania;Fortin Guillaume;Masse Marjolaine;Therien Phillip;Bouchard Vanessa;Chapleau Marie-Andrée;Paquin Karine;Hofmann Stefan G	2013
617	Le visible et l'invisible	Maurice Merleau-Ponty	1979
614	An Exploratory Study of a Meditation-based Intervention for Binge Eating Disorder.	Jean L. Kristeller,Department of Psychology, Indiana State University, Terre Haute, Indiana|||Department of Psychology, Indiana State University, Terre Haute, Indiana;C. Brendan Hallett,Project Reality, Salt Lake City, Utah|||Project Reality, Salt Lake City, Utah	1999
606	The Effects of Mindfulness Meditation on Cognitive Processes and Affect in Patients with Past Depression	Wiveka Ramel,Department of Psychology, San Diego State University, San Diego, ;Philippe R. Goldin,Department of Psychiatry, University of California San Diego, San Diego, ;P. Carmona,Department of Veterans Affairs, San Diego Healthcare System, San Diego, ;John R. McQuaid,Department of Psychiatry, University of California San Diego, San Diego, 	2004
599	How the leopard changed its spots : the evolution of complexity	Brian C. Goodwin	1995
594	Stress reduction through mindfulness meditation. Effects on psychological symptomatology, sense of control, and spiritual experiences.	John A. Astin,Department of Psychology and Social Behavior, University of California, Irvine, Calif., USA	1997
585	Mindfulness-based therapy: a comprehensive meta-analysis.	Bassam Khoury;Tania Lecomte;Guillaume M. Fortin;Marjolaine Massé;Phillip Therien;Vanessa Bouchard;Marie-Andrée Chapleau;Karine Paquin;Stefan G. Hofmann	2013
585	Mindfulness-Based Approaches with Children and Adolescents: A Preliminary Review of Current Research in an Emergent Field	Christine A. Burke	2009
583	Meditation, mindfulness and cognitive flexibility	Adam W. Moore,Liverpool John Moores University, School of Psychology, 15–21 Webster Street, Liverpool L3 2ET, United Kingdom;Peter Malinowski,Liverpool John Moores University, School of Psychology, 15–21 Webster Street, Liverpool L3 2ET, United Kingdom	2009
581	Clarifying the Construct of Mindfulness in the Context of Emotion Regulation and the Process of Change in Therapy	Adele M. Hayes,University of Miami;Greg Feldman,University of Miami	2006
573	One year pre-post intervention follow-up of psychological, immune, endocrine and blood pressure outcomes of mindfulness-based stress reduction (MBSR) in breast and prostate cancer outpatients.	Linda E. Carlson,Department of Psychosocial Resources, Tom Baker Cancer Centre Holy Cross Site, Alberta Cancer Board, 2202 Second St. S.W., Calgary, Alta., Canada T3B 0W7;Michael Speca,Department of Psychosocial Resources, Tom Baker Cancer Centre Holy Cross Site, Alberta Cancer Board, 2202 Second St. S.W., Calgary, Alta., Canada T3B 0W7;Peter Faris,Department of Community Health Sciences, University of Calgary and Centre for Advancement of Health, Calgary Health Region, Canada;Kamala D. Patel,Department of Physiology and Biophysics, Faculty of Medicine, University of Calgary, Canada	2007
568	Mindfulness-Based Approaches with Children and Adolescents: A Preliminary Review of Current Research in an Emergent Field	Christine Burke,Centre for Mindfulness Research and Practice (CMRP), Department of Psychology, University of Wales, Bangor, Gwynedd, UK	2010
565	Cultivating mindfulness:Effects on well-being?	Shauna L. Shapiro,Santa Clara University|||Santa Clara University, Santa Clara, CA 95053;Doug Oman,University of California, Berkeley;Carl E. Thoresen,Stanford University;Thomas G. Plante,Santa Clara University;Tim Flinders,Santa Clara University	2008
563	Optimal experience: The flow experience and its significance for human psychology	Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi	1988
563	Four-year follow-up of a meditation-based program for the self-regulation of chronic pain: treatment outcomes and compliance	Jon Kabat-Zinn;Leslie Lipworth;R. Burney;W. Sellers	1986
563	Association Between Use of Unconventional Therapies and Conventional Medical Services	Benjamin G. Druss;Robert A. Rosenheck	1999
558	Meditation Programs for Psychological Stress and Well-being: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis	Madhav Goyal,Department of Medicine, The Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, Maryland;Sonal Singh,Department of Medicine, The Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, Maryland;Erica Ms Sibinga,Department of Pediatrics, The Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, Maryland;Neda F Gould,Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Services, The Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, Maryland;Anastasia Rowland-Seymour,Department of Medicine, The Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, Maryland;Ritu Sharma,Department of Health Policy and Management, Johns Hopkins School of Public Health, Baltimore, Maryland;Zackary Berger,Department of Medicine, The Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, Maryland;Dana Sleicher,Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Services, The Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, Maryland;David D Maron,Department of Health Policy and Management, Johns Hopkins School of Public Health, Baltimore, Maryland;Hasan M Shihab,Department of Health Policy and Management, Johns Hopkins School of Public Health, Baltimore, Maryland;Padmini D Ranasinghe,Department of Medicine, The Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, Maryland;Shauna Linn,Department of Health Policy and Management, Johns Hopkins School of Public Health, Baltimore, Maryland;Shonali Saha,Department of Pediatrics, The Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, Maryland;Eric B. Bass,Department of Medicine, The Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, Maryland|||Department of Health Policy and Management, Johns Hopkins School of Public Health, Baltimore, Maryland;Jennifer A. Haythornthwaite,Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Services, The Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, Maryland	2014
554	What the Buddha taught	Walpola Rāhula	1974
546	The measurement of regional cerebral blood flow during the complex cognitive task of meditation: a preliminary SPECT study	Andrew B. Newberg,Division of Nuclear Medicine, Department of Radiology, University of Pennsylvania Medical Center, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA;Abass Alavi,Division of Nuclear Medicine, Department of Radiology, University of Pennsylvania Medical Center, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA;Michael J. Baime,Department of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania Medical Center, Philadelphia, PA, USA;Michael Pourdehnad,Division of Nuclear Medicine, Department of Radiology, University of Pennsylvania Medical Center, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA;Jill Santanna,Department of Biostatistics and Epidemiology, University of Pennsylvania Medical Center, Philadelphia, PA, USA;Eugene G. D'Aquili,(Deceased), Previously Department of Psychiatry, University of Pennsylvania Medical Center, Philadelphia, PA, USA	2001
536	Demonstrating the Implicit Processing of Visually Presented Words and Pseudowords	Cathy J. Price,Wellcome Department of Cognitive Neurology, Institute of NeurologyLondon WC1N 3BG, United Kingdom;R. Wise,Wellcome Department of Cognitive Neurology, Institute of NeurologyLondon WC1N 3BG, United Kingdom;R. S. J. Frackowiak,Wellcome Department of Cognitive Neurology, Institute of NeurologyLondon WC1N 3BG, United Kingdom	1996
532	Spiritual Marketplace: Baby Boomers and the Remaking of American Religion	Wade Clark Roof	2001
532	Nationalism and the politics of culture in Quebec	Richard Handler	1988
521	Patterning of cognitive and somatic processes in the self-regulation of anxiety: effects of meditation versus exercise.	Schwartz G E;Davidson R J;Goleman D J	1978
519	Wherever you go there you are	Jon Kabat-Zinn	1994
518	Unformulated experience : from dissociation to imagination in psychoanalysis	Donnel B. Stern	1999
516	Silicon snake oil: second thoughts on the information highway	Clifford Stoll	1995
516	Impact of mindfulness-based stress reduction (MBSR) on sleep, mood, stress and fatigue symptoms in cancer outpatients.	Linda E. Carlson,Department of Oncology, Department of Psychology, University of Calgary, Calgary, Alberta, Canada;Sheila N. Garland,Department of Psychology, University of Calgary, Calgary, Alberta, Canada	2005
514	Human anterior and frontal midline theta and lower alpha reflect emotionally positive state and internalized attention: high-resolution EEG investigation of meditation.	Aftanas Li,Psychophysiology Laboratory, State-Research Institute of Physiology, Siberian Branch, Russian Academy of Medical Sciences, Timakova str 4, 630117, Novosibirsk, Russia;S.A. Golocheikine,Psychophysiology Laboratory, State-Research Institute of Physiology, Siberian Branch, Russian Academy of Medical Sciences, Timakova str 4, 630117, Novosibirsk, Russia	2001
513	Does mindfulness training improve cognitive abilities? A systematic review of neuropsychological findings	Alberto Chiesa,Institute of Psychiatry, University of Bologna, Italy;Raffaella Calati,Institute of Psychiatry, University of Bologna, Italy;Alessandro Serretti,Institute of Psychiatry, University of Bologna, Italy	2011
510	Depth of processing effects on neural correlates of memory encoding: Relationship between findings from across- and within-task comparisons	Leun J. Otten,University College London;Richard N. A. Henson,University College London;Michael D. Rugg,University College London	2001
507	Mindfulness Meditation Training in Adults and Adolescents With ADHD A Feasibility Study	Lidia Zylowska,University of California-Los Angeles;Deborah L. Ackerman,University of California-Los Angeles;May Yang,University of California-Los Angeles;Julie L. Futrell,University of California-Los Angeles;Nancy L. Horton,University of California-Los Angeles;T. Sigi Hale,University of California-Los Angeles;Caroly Pataki,University of Southern California;Susan L. Smalley,University of California-Los Angeles	2007
507	Impact of mindfulness-based stress reduction (MBSR) on sleep, mood, stress and fatigue symptoms in cancer outpatients	Linda E. Carlson,University of Calgary Department of Oncology, Department of Psychology 2202 2nd Street S.W. T2S 3C1 Calgary, Alberta Canada;Sheila N. Garland,University of Calgary Department of Psychology Calgary, Alberta Canada	2005
506	A Pilot Study and Randomized Controlled Trial of the Mindful Self-Compassion Program	Kristin D. Neff,University of Texas at Austin|||University of Texas at Austin;Christopher K. Germer,Harvard Medical School	2013
503	Neurophysiological Measures of Working Memory and Individual Differences in Cognitive Ability and Cognitive Style	Alan S. Gevins,San Francisco Brain Research Institute & SAM Technology, 425 Bush Street – Fifth Floor, San Francisco, CA 94108-3708, USA;Michael E. Smith,San Francisco Brain Research Institute & SAM Technology, 425 Bush Street – Fifth Floor, San Francisco, CA 94108-3708, USA	2000
